Working group docs (#339)
Financial-Times/engineering-progression: site/pages/working-group.md

You can check the [current Working Group members on GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/Financial-Times/teams/engineering-progression-working-group/members).

## Responsibilities

Members of the working group are responsible for:

  * Answering questions about the competency framework
  * Coordinating changes to the competencies, and making sure they meet the [language guidelines](https://github.com/Financial-Times/engineering-progression/blob/master/docs/language.md)
  * Communicating competency changes to all engineers who use the framework
  * Working with PTE and TLG if their input is needed on a task
  * Maintaining the competency framework [repo](https://github.com/orgs/Financial-Times/engineering-progression) and [website](https://engineering-progression.ft.com/), including reviewing pull requests and responding to issues

## Process

The Working Group meets once every two weeks, and we work to this agenda. If tasks are assigned to individuals then it's on a voluntary basis, and non-critical tasks don't have deadlines. This allows Working Group members to pick things up when it can fit around their regular work.

> We follow an agenda for these meetings, make notes, and assign actions in [this document](TODO-agenda-link).

Author: @apaleslimghost let me know when we have a new/public agenda document and I'll link it here.

Reviewer: i should have time to put that together tomorrow

Author: No rush 🙂

Author: ```suggestion
We follow an agenda for these meetings, make notes, and assign actions in [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GHtXdANM6Yq6Xwh_6lHi3mTY-BtRF-0iPcTWFhfAnL4/edit).
```
